"aren't dicks and mouths layer 9"
"do blowjobs count as a business process?"
"<mgalgoci> he's not angry. He's just Romanian"
"So many yaks, so little time"
"We Find Your Estimates..Dubious"
"Richard's a good Brain Douche"
"Change for the appearance of progress"
"Entropy with down's syndrome"
"I swear...I'll get this documented"
"it's not so much a problem to meet or exceed the bar as it is to avoid tripping over it"
"Go fuck yourself, it's not the hardware"
"There should be an easier way to do that"
"I can think of a much harder way to do it easier"
"It gives us the ability to meet the requirements. Whatever the fuck those are."
"See, before this was tied into the git server, Brodeur couldn't see how often I fucked up while making changes like this."
"I don't mind obviously bullshit requirements so much as a lack of requirements"
"I've given up pointing out stupid ideas around here."
"We need to figure out what the goals are before we commit to meeting those goals"
"We're not trying to be negative, there's just no other realistic option"
"He'll follow up on that"
"That's just an Internap billing thing"
"We surely do suck at this"
"We're just consultants, we don't need to know that"
"It's wrong to make fun of the mentally challenged, unless they're your supervisor"
"It's not a good idea, but you can do it"
"mcasey: 'need to come up with scope for this'"
"That's out of scope"
"<mbrodeur> derrich: die"
"We Choke Those Who Fuck Us"
"It Should Just Work"
"It is Amazing How Much A Crushed Soul Weighs"
"Responsive and Reckless"
"If It Was Easy, It'd Be Done Already"
"It Worked When We Did It"
"That Shouldn't Happen."
"Why Be Difficult When, With A Little Bit Of Effort, You Can Be Impossible?"
"The Current Will Find A Way"
"Where's Arlinton?"
"There's No Kill Like Overkill"
"This Just Seems Like A Bad Idea"
"You Touched it Last"
"Its probly fine"
"What could go wrong?"
"Cobbler is Fucking Stoopid"
"Well Do It Right...Next Time"
"It Takes A Long Time To Become This Bitter"
"I Don't Think This Is What Schick Had In Mind When He Asked For Better Documentation"
"There Has To Be A Better Way"
"Who Set My Screensaver to One Minute?"
"There You Go, Using Initiative Again"
"Yes, I understand you followed instructions, and really, it's one of your biggest failings"
"There's more than one bad way to do it."
"Delusions of Adequacy"
"We're trying to be marginally helpful"
"The urgent button is completely worn out"
"There's always time for dismissive sarcasm"
"Just Because We Do It, Doesn't Make It A Good Idea"
"Is 'retarda-tech' a word?"
"If no one uses it, it doesn't matter how inefficient it is"
"When all else fails, at least we'll still have sarcasm"
"Cisco needs to send an engineer for the simple reason that only their engineers seem to know how to make that thing work. The only documentation we have is almost 100% outdated. Every time I ask a question the answer includes a half dozen new undocumented procedures that they seem to assume I'll already know. The whole system is so fragile that I've never seen all the components operational for more than a few hours. In six weeks, multiple full days of my time, dozens of emails, and an hour on the phone with at least three of their engineers, we have yet to ever even load a kernel on either of the blades."
"Your code sucks and makes me hate coming to work every day"
"<@dhafeman> damnit bill"
"Beaker: That's Fantastically Stupid"
"Beaker: That's a Phenomenally Bad Idea"
"Ahh...pretty pretty princesses..."
"Ah, whatever"
"That's almost the stupidest thing I've ever heard"
"My horse is so high I need bottled oxygen."
"Stop overthinking it, it's just security"
"There's nothing more damning than potential"
"The intrigue didn't pass the 'give a shit' threshold"
"Sometimes you gotta pick the hill to die on"
"If that's a bear we don't want to poke.."
"If it mattered, I'd care. Well, I can't promise that."
"It's dangerous to look forward when you're walking into a giant waterfall of shit"
"No, it's not too early to start drinking"
"I'd be laughing if it weren't my flaming ball of crap to deal with at the moment"
"I don't remember ... so much has been fucked up"
"shouldn't these be documented in the Admin guide?"
"This job would make an amazing drinking game"
"That's a way to do it"
"I have plenty of experience being miserable."
"It must be Derrich's fault."
"I just...don't have the energy to be that cynical"
"You'll never get it all done, so there's no point in killing yourself"
"This is CERTAINLY how it should work"
"There's a bug about that"
"Hope that doesn't break anything"
"Oh, it's Fedora. Nevermind."
"It's amazing how much we care"
"That would involve caring"
"As the chief cook and bottle washer stuck between a rock and a hard place you're used to being up to your elbows in alligators, but if you push the envelope of synergy you can get the force multiplication to have more fires on your plate so you're not in the deep end of the pool with your hands tied behind your back, enabling you to put a stake in the ground and make a quick win."
"Okay."
"I'm really not making most of this up"
"Our highest priority is satisfying customers..except when it is hard...or unprofitable...or we're busy"
"You can put a positive spin on anything, by lying"
"This job has a depressing amount of security."
"Laphroaig should not be drinkin...drank...drunk...lightly"
"It's a shame there's nothing to drink around here"
"But...we have so many unique wheels here"
"Out of Broken"
"Don't worry about going mad. There's no avoiding it."
"PETERM APPROVES!"
"my give a fuck meter is on empty..sorry"
"we all 'care'"
"Always make time for crazy"
"The retard is so strong here I'm afraid I'm going to catch it" 
"It's beaker. The thing is going to burn and die in a ball of flames regardless of what I do"
"I'm so glad to be leaving this hellhole"
"Giving a fuck is soooooo 2013"
"Scholastic Management Could Fuck Up Toast"
"There is No Limit To What Scholastic Can Fuck Up"
